Update IPublishedContentQuery to use proper standards (#4326)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Querying/IPublishedContentQuery/index.md

> The `IPublishedContentQuery` interface contains various query methods for accessing strongly typed content in templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IPublishedContentQuery` interface contains various query methods for accessing strongly typed content in services etc.
```
